.TH MONGOCLOCK 1 MONGOCLOCK
.SH NAME
mongoclock - Just a humongous clock for the terminal
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BR mongoclock
.SH DESCRIPTION
Type
.BR mongoclock
in the terminal and it will either, depending on
the terminal size, show the time \fIHH:MM\fP or
\fIHH:MM:SS\fP with humongous digits.
.PP
If the terminal is too small, it will not run.
.PP
.BR mongoclock
is designed to be fit on most screens and be
readable from all practical distances, so that
it can be used in place of a standard wall- or
alarm-clock. If the font is not big enough for
your (or if it is too large,) just change the
font size on your terminal. If it is not the
right colour for you, simply change the font
colour on your terminal
.SH RATIONALE
It is really nice to have a large clock on your
computer, instead of a small clock somewhere in
your room, when your are sleeping. It is also
nice to have a glansable clock available on your
netbook for when you need to keep track of the
time but are not working on a computer.
Pocket-watches are just too much work to getting
up, opening, closing, and putting down, and you
would not like to forget it when you leave if
you are in a public place.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR watch (1)
.PP
Full documentation available locally via: info \(aq(mongoclock)\(aq
.SH AUTHORS
Principal author, Mattias Andrée.  See the COPYING file for the full
list of authors.
.SH LICENSE
Copyright \(co 2013, 2015  Mattias Andrée
.br
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
.br
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH BUGS
Please report bugs to https://github.com/maandree/mongoclock/issues or to
maandree@member.fsf.org
