\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename mongoclock.info
@settitle mongoclock
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@dircategory Miscellaneous
@direntry
* mongoclock: (mongoclock).          Just a humongous clock for the terminal
@end direntry


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2013 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top mongoclock -- Just a humongous clock for the terminal
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title mongoclock
@subtitle Just a humongous clock for the terminal
@author by Mattias Andrée (maandree)

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents



@menu
* Overview::                        Brief overview of @command{mongoclock}.
* Invoking::                        Executing @command{mongoclock}.
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@command{mongoclock} is a humongous clock for the terminal. It will
display the time in either, depending on the terminal's size, the
format @code{HH:MM} or @code{HH:MM:SS} with humongous digits.
It will always use 24-hour clock, and 6-hour and 12-hour is not
possible, mostly because is did not bother, besides those will
be very wide and therefore look inferior. (And everypony should
understand 24-hour clock system as it is objectively superior.)

If the terminal is too small, it will not run.


@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking

Just type @command{mongoclock} in the terminal.


@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@bye

