\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename mongoclock.info
@settitle mongoclock
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@dircategory Miscellaneous
@direntry
* mongoclock: (mongoclock).          Just a humongous clock for the terminal
@end direntry


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2013, 2015  Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top mongoclock -- Just a humongous clock for the terminal
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title mongoclock
@subtitle Just a humongous clock for the terminal
@author by Mattias Andrée (maandree)

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents



@menu
* Overview::                        Brief overview of @command{mongoclock}.
* Invoking::                        Executing @command{mongoclock}.
* Configuring::                     Configure @command{mongoclock}'s glorious look-and-feel.
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@command{mongoclock} is a humongous clock for the terminal. It will
display the time in either, depending on the terminal's size, the
format @code{HH:MM} or @code{HH:MM:SS} with humongous digits.
It will always use 24-hour clock, and 6-hour and 12-hour is not
possible, mostly because I did not bother, besides those will
be very wide and therefore look inferior. (And everypony should
understand the 24-hour-clock system as it is objectively
superior.@footnote{Just read Wikipedia and you will see why.})
Nor is military time possible.

Sidenote, it is not even possible to use @code{H:MM},
despite being the national standard in Sweden.@footnote{Which
I actually like more because it does not support the
delusion that the hour is limited to two digits, despite
seldom (possibly never yet) being higher than 48:00.}

If the terminal is too small, it will not run.


@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking

Just type @command{mongoclock} in the terminal.


@node Configuring
@chapter Configuring

@command{mongoclock} lacks all forms of configurations.
It is still however possible to configure.

You can change the colour of the text, and the background,
by changing the default text and background colour
on your terminal. You could create a wrapper that does
this for you.

You can also change the size of the text by changing
the font size on your terminal. However, some terminals
(like the Linux VT) does not support this. On such
terminals it may be possible to change the size of the
text by change the font to a larger font.



@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@bye

